Sprint 1:
In this sprint, I will set up the basic controls that will be used to play the game.
I will also have an enemy sprite that will appear at the top of the screen, this sprite will just be going back and forth. 
By the end of this sprint, I will also give the player the ability to shoot directly up, this bullet will be destroyed upon leaving the screen. 
Each different game object will have a different sprite so you can distinguish what is what. 


Sprint 2:
In this sprint, there will be a focus on getting multiple enemies to spawn on the screen at one time.
 The large focus on this sprint will be getting a smooth gravity system to work.
 This includes all of the enemies and sprites.
 Everything that is under the influence of gravity must stop at the same Y height to simulate a floor.
 There will also be a wall that will collide stopping the enemies and players. 
To overcome this both the enemies and the players will be given the ability to jump smoothly.
 

Sprint 3:
This sprint will mainly be focused on making the game look better.
 This will involve making the players and the enemies consist of multiple sprites and moving them all together. 
Also setting up a basic background will make the world come to life. 
Applying gravity will make all the enemies and the players on the same fighting level as well as increase immersion.
 Making the characters sprites flip with the direction they are facing (with extremities) will increase the polish of the game and make it feel much better.

Sprint 4:
This sprint will focus on gameplay elements.
 We focus on making the game more balanced such as not allowing the player to rapid fire shoot.
 Also giving the player some time to prepare before all the enemies come after them.
 In addition, we will make the game a full loop, with win/lose/title/in-game states. 
The player will also be given the ability to do non-killing related abilities which will be animated.
 It will become more of a game and less of a tech demo this sprint. Also the barrier will get some tweaks and changes to make it more viable and less buggy.

